What robe is righteous?
I can't imagine a five-year relationship between husband and wife
It ended up like this, isn't it?
Song Lang, put on the clothes I prepared for you
Ok thank you mother-in-law
Humph
Sister will send Lang's clothes in the future.
I don't bother you to prevent him one stitch at a time
After all, sending Lang refers to better
You are an adulterer
What are you talking about?
Keep your mouth clean
You are nothing more than a civilian
More noble than the emperor
No one supports you here
What the hell is this Qi Sining doing?
Why haven't you come yet?
Congratulations to the General on his triumphant return
News from His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Your sister has been found.
He is walking at the champion banquet at the moment
Follow me to the banquet hall
Hahahaha
Mom said it well
The gorgeous maiden family is Gong Kung Fu IV of Jin State
Have you offended me?
If Daji offends Yanyan
That would be outrageous.
I suggest you kneel down now
Apologize to Yanyan
Otherwise, if you want to get out of here today
I'm afraid it will be difficult
Song Yi
The favor I owed you 5 years ago has been paid off
But you want me to apologize
No way. You're being stubborn.
But I'm curious
You've been crying for so many years
I thought Song Lang saved you
Hahahahaha
What do you mean?
The reason why I brought you back from the hospital five years ago
It's because Lang Zhong said that my son's illness
It is to learn medicine from the heart of a true woman
So it seems
That Langzhong didn't lie to me
Hahahaha
This is all calculated by you
I thought you guys saved my life
Exactly.
This matter
You are still useless to me now
Go away before you miss our golden hour
Is it right?
Hahahaha